one its main mic prover I've got some
really good news for you my book has
finally arrived through the post so
that's what we do you know how it looks
like
as you can see it's a lovely size it's a
nice sized book and it's packed with
useful information all about buying
selling and looking after a classic car
I'm really proud of it it's a it's been
a year's worth of work and now to
actually get it in my hand it's very
exciting
inside as well it's fabulous it's full
of pictures and lots of information
about carbide and some lovely
illustrations as well of cars all the
way throughout and as you can see is
absolutely packed with stuff now I
thought what I'd do is read you a little
extract from the book of stuff that I've
written that way you'll get a feel for
exactly what this book is going to to
read like when you get it I've just
chosen an extract from the much-loved
Ford Escort Mark one a fantastic classic
a lovely car and I thought I'd read you
a little a little passage as to what I
feel about a little escort marked one
because there's a lot of information in
there a little bit about the history
about the Mexico about Hanna Nicola
winning winning that famous Ronnie and
nobody ever Mexico thereafter but when
you're going to buy one of these cars
obviously there's a load of things that
you need to look out for but if there's
one thing that goes wrong on these cars
on these escorts it's rust and my
goodness do they rust so you need to
take plenty of time to check the
potential purchase the first place you
should look is on the inner wings and
the top of the front suspension turrets
from the inside of the engine
compartment I've seen plenty looking a
bit ragged in these areas and a proper
repair can be pretty costly another
place they go is around the a-pillars
and front door hinges so if you don't
want a door coming off in your hand then
have a property ground for signs of rot
now I'll be saying this a lot over the
chapters in this book but do get
yourself underneath and have a really
good look at the floor and chassis I
know from experience how easy it is to
get carried away with a shiny exterior I
- forget the polish could be hiding for
us underneath and repairs here can be
tricky and really damage your wallet
lastly watch out for cars that have a
behind a roof seat great information a
vinyl roof because lots of escorts had a
vinyl roof
these were popular options on these cars
of this era but they can hide a
multitude of sins
if you spot any signs of bubbling under
the vinyl roof it could be easy rust
taking hold and you should probably walk
away so there you go I mean that's just
a little extract of what you'll get out
of this book and I more or less cover
everything from classics all the way
through to American cars American icons
American muscle cars there's my look my
beautiful Volvo p1800 I do a whole piece
on that because I love that car about
owning buying and what to look out for
also at the back we've got some really
cool stuff we've got cars like this you
know when I've traveled around the world
and bought cars like that amazing dodge
charger so I'm really proud of that one
as well as you can see the book is
packed there's lots of little breaking
out stories from my time in the motor
trade and I've stuffed it full of great
little pictures of my time in the most
pristine pictures of mrs. B in there
which is really good so the book will be
on sale around
well now almost it's it's almost
themselves in the country as from the
middle of April and it will be came on
sale on main first if you can buy this
book absolutely everywhere whether it's
a Waterstones amazon whether you on the
wheeler dealer website the Mike Brewer
TV website wherever you go you will find
this book and don't forget a book like
this it's gonna make a fantastic
Father's Day present and I'll be doing
book signings around the country sign-in
these books for all and all and sundry
but if you want one make sure you buy
one and and if you come and see me at
any time because I'm always popping
around the country doing events and
stuff you poke along and I'll make sure
I'll sign it for you but as you can see
I'm very excited about my new book it's
here and it's on sale